In how many minutes Marina well
Sergi Ferrer is already entering TV Salcedo
So I want you all to receive it
with words of affection, we
have it here okay I want
everyone to receive it with words of
affection, with words of encouragement and I don't
remember what Marina had posted
about the hearts but
Sergi good night good night The
truth is that I don't get nervous
when I'm working, much less because of my
job on TV the photo that came out
is the one from Facebook I look like I'm there in the middle like
that I'm with the bikini operation Nothing I
'm lying here in bed I'm
watching TV I don't care what
people write because in reality I
'm not reading it in general what I'm
receiving are messages of affection such and such there
are also people who put me down
but I'm above all that
because look when you asked
Marina I'm not going to give details of
This is okay because it doesn't suit me and because I did
n't want to speak out but I did
want to have one with Marina who is one
of my best friends okay
this when you know that they are let's go well the
point is that I have helped Marina a lot
when  I have been able to, she, I
have a nice, healthy friendship, we
tell each other other things and so, well,
I am grateful and I had no doubt that I was not
going to publish this information. I did not
want it to be made public because I
am not an idiot and I know that it would harm me,
that I would have problems and I preferred that it
not be made public and I also do not want to
start any war with anyone or
discredit myself personally. I am
very sorry that the program is ending.
I consider that it has been a masterpiece,
throughout all these years they are doing
very interesting things and they
continue to do them today but that does
not mean that I am not going to defend what I
believe I have to defend, okay. And
what has been published is completely
true and other than that, I am not going to. It has been
cut off. Well, I am
grateful to Marina, there are other colleagues
who have called me, they have asked me, they have
worried about me, I am calm
and before you ask Marina if I
was a Carrasquista
Sergio, it cuts you off. Turn off the WiFi, I have
the ability to sometimes
not give a damn about the topics that I am
working on and in general it is like that, it is always like that. I
want to tell you. I came from the fact that I have to
talk today about Pepita, I  I haven't watched the
previous program I don't give a
[ __ ] what they've posted on Twitter I don't
follow almost any famous people on Instagram
because nobody interests me to me it's
my job so I do my job and that's it So I have
I have a cordial relationship
with Antonio David because he was
my colleague and he hasn't done anything to me okay And
then I'm going to judge him by how he
behaves with me and with me he has always been
correct and when I've been with Rocío
Carrasco she has been charming with me
you know So I'm not going to take a position
because I think it's a very delicate subject I've
never done it and but let's say I don't
think either of them
Sergi cuts you off when in that moment
no at that moment no right let's see what the [ __ ] I have to
do for this [ __ ] call
if I put the do not disturb it won't
answer me no the investigator of course you have to
put the do not disturb it's because they
talk to you on WhatsApp your fans have already turned it
off he's a [ __ ] pain okay
the two of you think that the two
well I think that neither of you will have the
absolute truth I want to tell you okay It's
true that
Rocío made a
docureality a master move for
the production company the one that  I am here
because it was a masterstroke because it
had a huge audience success.
But well, there are things that, in my
opinion, were not managed well because
once you have opened the debate, it cannot
be the inquisition and all you can
talk about is that Rocío Carrasco. Well,
[ __ ], we will have to let all the
parties speak. That's the only thing I'm going to say, but
well, what I am here to refer to is that
I thank you.
For the messages that you have sent me and
such. And well, in principle, Well, right
now you were commenting with
Marta. Marta has had the same thing happen to her as to
me. I mean, when you file some
lawsuits and they automatically send you. In
Madrid, it is in the Plaza de los Cubos, okay, it's
called the snack, which is a kind of
attempt at conciliation. So, of course. We
have reached a conciliation, that will
now be passed on to a civil court. Okay, and
Marta has had exactly the
same thing happen to her. The problem is that justice
right now, you will know that there are strikes, in
fact, there is a strike planned for
May 16 by the judges. And if that strike goes
to  go ahead all the
judicial processes are going to be delayed a lot
so until then there is no
trial date for Marta or for me or for
anyone there will be when they start putting them It is
true that mine was before the
conciliation with which Well no but
well there is no reason for mine to come before
I am calm It
is true that I have not had a good time for a long
time my calm has been broken I have
been for many years I think that if I am an
exemplary worker that I have behaved like a
[ __ ] great that I have worked more hours than a
fool and the fool got tired simple and
easy and clear and then as if
tomorrow I have to go to work at a
[ __ ] Mercadona or a bar to serve drinks
or clean houses or whatever the hell I want I don't care
at all about TV
I thought that TV was one thing and I have
been for so many years that it has disappointed me
so much that right now I don't even know what I
want to do with my life so
that has destabilized me a lot and in
a company where you give everything and a
company that then shows you that they don't
give a [ __ ] about you because
when I  I take sick leave after 15
days of feeling bad and look, I'm already
talking and I'm going to talk to him about everything,
I was in the newsroom and don't let anyone
think that I Oh, this guy doesn't
want to be an editor, no, no, it's not that they're going to
take away my ego, I don't have an ego, who
knows, it's true, it's true and I don't give a
damn about TV, I don't give a damn about people In fact,
I don't even like it when they know me, I walk down
the street with my head down because it
limits me for many things and if I
had a salary of a collaborator of a
thousand bucks every afternoon, well, man, I'd be screwed
and everyone would greet me and everyone would take
photos and everyone would
ask me about Belén Esteban or whoever,
but since I earn 1,900 euros, which I don't
earn more on that TV show, it's
worth 1,900 euros where there's no [ __ ]
overtime, there's no day off,
nothing exists. Well, honestly, for 1,900
bucks, me walking down the street and people
starting to sing the song "
Sálvame" to me when I'm with my friends  Well,
the truth is, I don't find it funny at all, okay.
Speaking bluntly, then I don't know, I'm getting
off track, but what I'm here to
say in the end, say what you want. I do
n't think I'm asking you anything,
King. But because because I speak very well, no,
no,
but anyway, in the end, I'm
defending what's mine and that's it. I'm not going to
speak badly of anyone or anything, so it's
true that I have it very tied up, but it
's true, I want to make it clear. This is not
a matter of, oh, it's that Sergi has been
taken off the screen and he's gotten angry, it's not that
Sergi is doing
intern work, it's that Sergi is ignored
in the newsroom, his bosses, who are his
references, his two directors stop
talking to him alright, it's that
I'm at my job
wanting to cry, and I hold back my urge
to cry because I don't want anyone to see me
in that weakness, but when I get
home and leave the door of
Telecinco, I start to cry, a
white spot appears on my face that the doctor
says is from anxiety, a spot
that  I still have okay I've
never taken a sleeping pill Since
then I've been taking them
Okay so it's affected my health
and even after my 15 days of sick leave
I was expecting a call as
Marina explained in a joking tone it doesn't matter
how we talk to each other because the vibe
there has always been good and
my directors have always spoken to me
jokingly Hey you they would have
called me Hey you [ __ ] stop messing around
in your house bothering yourself
come come work I have a job
for you and I'll show up at my [ __ ]
job but what expectations does a
guy have when after 15 days of sick leave they haven't
called him and 15 days of sick leave after
15 days of punishment for asking to be given
a hotel in Barcelona I didn't
refuse to do 18 hours but I said [ __ ]
it I used to leave my house at 7 in the
morning and come back at 1 in the morning
and after seven years of relationship with
them it has always been eight years working
more hours than an idiot with
total and absolute availability I have
made international trips and I have gone
just because when you send a guy
out normally a
production person and a cameraman would have to go, I've
traveled alone to Colombia, I've traveled alone
to Chile okay
Why Because I'm a guy who's been here for
many years Who knows how to do my job very well that
generates savings for the company that are
crazy because you save
another colleague's trip,
another colleague's hotel, another
colleague's salary, you know So I'm tired of
promises of things that were supposedly going to arrive that did
n't So that's
why I filed those two
claims in the lawsuit what I'm asking for is
unfair dismissal and the lawyer has
set that amount of 50,000 for
moral damages because there is a scale okay that goes
from 16,000 to 160,000 more or
less okay for these types of requests and
my lawyer who is the one I trust who
is the one who knows because I know my stuff and
He knows his has estimated those
50,000 euros okay then obviously there are
some amounts Well we will have to
negotiate and such  now that I'm going
all out and going to court and I'm feeling so
cool because I'm so calm it's because
I have the AVE tickets it's because I have
the conversations It's because I have
recorded conversations it's because I'm not an
idiot you
know what I'm saying then there comes
a time when you just get fed up and that's it and if
tomorrow Of course I'm going to
close doors obviously because in the
end nobody likes these scandals
and I know that I'm never going to work
in many places but it's that I don't
give a damn you understand what I'm
saying because I'm a guy who has
always made a living And if tomorrow I have to
work at any [ __ ] it's because I'm
going to do it because I have
no problem because I don't give a
damn Yes but you're not the
first to file a lawsuit against a
production company for this type of thing I mean that wouldn't
apply either what happens is that
in the end it's true that in all
these jobs it's very difficult to control
the schedule Because because they are
marathon days and the problem you know what
happens is that the trips seem like you
teleport you know you go to Seville
It's that  Look, that day they called me, I
left my house at 2 in the afternoon
to catch a train at 3 and if I left
Barcelona at 9:30 I would arrive
home at 1 in the morning, you know how many that is
11 hours 11 hours It's normal I
can't even complain but when they
tell me Hey we're going to invent
some shitty topic for you to record
in Barcelona I say Hello to
justify the trip no you don't have to
justify anything my 11 hours of work
are more than enough they send me a train at
8 in the morning it was already 18
hours and I told them gentlemen I'm not
going to do 18 hours or you give me a hotel or I'm not going to
do 18 hours and that's what I said And
why wasn't the trip justified
because it wasn't justified already because
they think I teleport and they
say that the
book presentation is going to start at 7 I'm going to do
some shitty interview that lasts 10
minutes and I'm already finished and they say of
course  We sent this guy for a
10 minute interview, okay, but
the train to Barcelona takes three hours and it
goes around in three hours. It's six
hours, you know, and then I have to go
to the stations. So that doesn't
count, they've never counted it and so
that can't be. We've been
complaining about many things for a long time, but yes,
I speak in the plural, I speak in the plural, the one who
took the step was me, but there
are things here, the availability bonus is
something that is basic because in the
end, I make an image, I can't charge the
same as a person who is anonymous who does
n't have it. Every time I talk, man, I do it myself
because I ignore people,
but on Twitter, Instagram, they
send me things that are
embarrassing. So that doesn't happen to a writer.
I walk down the street and I stop,
sometimes they are very friendly, but sometimes they
are unpleasant people and in the end, the
image should be paid for, and above all,
availability. You know what it's like to
be training in the gym
on Monday at 9 in the morning and they
tell you, hurry up, you have a train at  10 pack
a bag leave and not know what day you'll be
back okay And you're leaving on a Monday okay And you do
n't know what day you'll be back And you're leaving on a
Monday and if they can you'll go on the cheapest flight
that leaves at 5 in the morning I've
spent two whole weeks in the
Canary Islands arriving on a Monday leaving my
house at 5 in the morning and returning
home on Saturday at 3 in the afternoon
How many hours do you do overtime there How much
do you count the I don't know who says it's my working day and what it is no for me everything is working day because I'm away from my house I'm not with my cat I'm not at my gym I'm not with my friends I'm in a crappy hotel
thrown away okay And they've been giving me 12
euros for lunch and 12 for dinner for per
diem okay Now they've raised it to 15 and
13 which is 28 bucks but let's see who the
[ __ ] eats and has dinner out at home for 28
bucks I don't want to get upset okay
but that's it that's it but that's it but it's a
lot of things it
's a lot  years or so In the end
this has been the thing in Barcelona has been the
trigger but it hasn't been
much less triggering and there comes a time
when you say Look man It's not worth it for me it's that
I'm out of my house all day it's that I
break my feeding routine
training of being with my cat such and such And
then it's that they don't value you at all I
mean it's that you don't know no there's no
reward of any kind if it weren't
because you can only claim what
has happened in the last year you
could have claimed Sure Look I
'll give you an example when I entered
there I was 8 years okay For
eight years One weekend a month I
had to be on guard okay in my
house without being able to leave Madrid because
the guard Okay so I have to
stay I can't leave Madrid Because
if someone dies or an issue comes up I have to
cover it Okay so if it happened that
that weekend
someone died and you were working they would
compensate you with days off but
the four reporters have been working
and when there has been nothing we have been
available in our house and I have not been
compensated with absolutely nothing
for 8 years and we  we planted after
that summer the reporters that we
would not do another Guard more than the
weekend it is true that later some
colleagues proposed them to do some
Guard and they said yes because of the typical
fear of reprisals because they
have punished me and they have punished more than
one colleague in fact two
more colleagues and in the end the thing about the punishments is that it
is a [ __ ] shame And it is so
normalized that no, it is not that I am not
going to stand up but we are going to call
attention that is why I was comparing
then what happened to Marta Because it had
caught my attention that no, let's see there will be
punishment I mean it is like it is something usual
that when I understand that after
eight years of relationship for a
person to be renewed for eight years the
relationship has to be good of course
the shitty reporter was me Because
when it was necessary to look for shady things it
was me who went But because I am a
guy who is very made to go forward that I
solve very well not that I am pulling flowers
but Omar is more corporate
Quique for some issues he does very well
the south is from José Antonio but when it comes to
doing issues of searches and  I've
eaten up investigations
because they know that's where I handle myself
very well. I come from being in Espejo
Público for five years doing current affairs and
events. I mean, I come from
doing other things and then you have a
wider range when it comes to working,
neither better nor worse, but everyone has their own
profile. So I've been super well
regarded, I mean, I haven't had any
problems. Now, I realized
that [ __ ], I earn 1900 euros, man,
when I
earned 2300 years ago,
there are people who might feel offended
here, who might not, but they have. Of course, of course,
the program Ana Rosa earns 2500, that's
a morning program that has half the
budget
for punishment between food, no, I've
given it the nickname of punishment, this thing about
punishments, these good for today didn't
work out for me Today you're going to stay
here
timing, this was like something very
common that was seen between other
occasions, let's see what happened when they
've punished you, they've punished something
for a long time, okay. I mean, I want to tell you about
others, a colleague specifically was
punished for a month, okay, without making an image
and another colleague who  It was, I wasn't going to
say the name, he was punished for three
weeks in the newsroom. Now the
problem is that when they punish you, you don't
make an image. If I don't give a damn, we don't
pay me more to appear on TV. I mean, then it makes exactly the same to me whether I go out or not, you're not rewarding me because I make an image. You understand, it's my job, it's what I know how to do. I, the newsroom, I don't know how to write a decent video
because I've never done it
because he's a street guy. So, just
like if you send a guy from a
relationship to the street, he doesn't have a [ __ ]
clue how to move, you kill me in the newsroom
and they know that I
wasn't productive in the newsroom and they know it.
Knowing that, they preferred to keep me
there. Well, it was done
with malice aforethought and obviously it's
very difficult to prove because in the end,
but the bad faces, not
talking to me again, well, I've had a bad time and that's it
and I haven't lifted my head up. I'm
obviously better off because in the end
you have to keep evolving, but what I'm
not going to let is them make fun of me anymore
because  if tomorrow I close the doors
on all the [ __ ] TVs, [ __ ] them
all because let's see Wait,
you're getting heated listen to me listen to me, don't get
heated
in particular and you solve it Because
also You have everything to win, I think It's that
I think there is no debate
obviously, I
mean in fact
you're going to close doors with them I say
no, no, I'm closing them on them
completely
Look, they give me sick leave okay it seems
bad for me to say it but you know that if they
give you sick leave, well, you can go to the doctor
and cry a little and they'll extend it
and you can be stretching it out because there are
many people who throw themselves out and take sick leave for
a year with all the [ __ ]
nerve okay I automatically know that this sick
leave has caused me discomfort at my
job and I decide that I don't want to continue
working there because if not I'm not going to
improve and I tell them gentlemen, I don't want to
go back to that job that
seems quite honorable to me
You know why I could have been
collecting my salary at the cafe with all
my [ __ ] nerve and then go back and well no, I do
n't want to  to come back and I want
liquidity and I ask for my unfair dismissal
so that at least after eight
years I have some money left so I can be out of
work for a while because I also
know that when I get out of there I'll be left
stained I'm one of those people
who will be stained because my image
is public and I'm not
Madonna here but obviously the people who
watch the program know who I am and at the
time you imagine tomorrow that you see the
news and you see me giving a piece of
news Well no, that's been
going on It's been a couple of months that
all of this is I mean it's being forgotten
little by little you know that for that I who know stained I
want to tell you that everything comes
back yes everything passes but in the
end those of us who make an image Well we
are already marked you see me tomorrow
working with the producer Ana Rosa Of course
yes presenting with her no [ __ ] well
no well obviously I wouldn't even go
to ask her for a job because I wouldn't give her
the pleasure to tell me that you don't know So I'm not
going to do it But well there are a
thousand more things to do but that do
n't worry me  the truth is I
care about being well and I have stopped
being well Because of how they have
treated me and then I decided that it was not
going to be anymore And from there when it's over
Well, I need this
episode to be resolved turn the page and be calm
and that's it but what I'm not going to do is
lose any more sleep and it was
published today Diego Arrabal commented on it yesterday
and then obviously
some colleagues have called me and it will be
exact information because I already knew that he was going to
jump and at least I did
n't want to because he didn't want to and I
understand because he did
n't take anything from me And from here on it's done
and I'm entering with you
first because Marina is my
soul friend who has behaved very well with me I
needed not to be so betrayed eh I
needed to give her her place and that's it and
if not
no I mean I thank you from the bottom of my heart
but I even feel bad because I tell you
no no because I'm doing it I
mean I'm not drunk and there's
a point and in fact you don't drink I'm
very impulsive with that belly no No baby
no what yes what a photo how embarrassing it's
old but  Come on, shame, she says, but
if I'm ashamed
everywhere,
no, what is true is that, let's see,
if you compare it with the Marta
risks issue, they are two different issues. I
mean, I, Marta, risk, I am fond of her, she
is a girl who also spent a
week on Sálvame and I helped her and I
gave her advice. The last time I saw her in
person, she says to her, Marta, It's getting out
of hand, be careful because this
will eventually explode in your face and
mine is completely different. But not
for nothing, but because they
punished me for complaining that I don't want to
do a [ __ ] 18-hour day, you know,
then I'll
stay, but at least get a
hotel. And I have the
WhatsApp conversations, I have the audios, I have
everything worth it. I'm not an idiot, so then
the hours that I am
demonstrating are the ones that I
can demonstrate the signings. But there are many that I
could demonstrate, many more, but it's very
difficult because
the signings are very complicated. I
mean, I tell you, imagine a day that
I finished at 3 in the morning and I
signed in because I had a mobile link
to do it.  and when it was already 12 it
no longer allowed you to clock in, so of course
you couldn't clock in and it didn't
count any hours for you that day, okay, so
if I've been able to prove 340, there
are 700, okay, look, I have to say
Sergi, you're glued, it seems that this
is my channel but you have the people in the
chat glued together saying, will Sergi end up
collaborating in the gossip? I love it, I
take the same thing here, the
same thing? It's a possibility,
the world of YouTube, I've already
explained to you How it works Because I
wasn't aware, I mean, I had to
explain a little bit about the world because
I'll give you some crimes If you go to
Barcelona, ​​I'll put you on it,
but it's tremendous You think that by
complaining about a hotel, man, that's worth 100 bucks, it's a piece of [ __ ],
everything that's gone on, man, if
in the end and even so, you haven't had
any bad feelings in eight others
that, also, obviously, like in all
jobs, there can be a time when they
're better, another worse, but we were doing
very well, I mean, I had
the full confidence of, come on, the
directors and  everyone in fact
you Note that I am punished on a
Wednesday okay And on Friday I go, I
had to go to the deluxe as a collaborator
because that is an agreement that we
reporters reach to equalize a
little our salary that is given to us as
collaborators and
an extra in quotes
in the end as we complained that
our salary as reporters
was not in line with that of other colleagues
Okay, well, like a couple of years ago or so it was
not done at a signed level But they
told us look what we will do is that
once a month we will take each
reporter to the deluxe as collaborators and we will
give you a Plus specifically
because I do not mind talking about numbers
500 bucks okay for each program that you
went to the light okay then in the
payroll you saw 400 specifically that is the
third part of what a collaborator in use
more or less a collaborator in the light
earns 2000 bucks we earn No yes
but we were given 500 They end up
in the last chair to interview Sonia
Monroy who had invented that  I was
recording a series,
I was the berrocal who had lost a
stupid eyelash but the money didn't matter
and see you later, what are you coming to
see because my head is going,
not to the subject, to the subject of the salary and to the subject
of what I'm going for, I want to
be very clear, I have been
working in many places throughout
my life and I know of a
very complicated permanent contract that I
imagine they would be okay No, I have already
met let's see here it goes because they are
happy with it, of course not What was this about that they
punish me on Wednesday and I
have deluxe on Friday So the
deluxe has to be authorized by a
person who is let's say after the
owners of the factory, the one who is most in charge is
a lady and this lady, I meet with
her
because she gives the authorization for me to
go to the light Even though I am punished in the
editorial office and then I tell her Hey look, I
came to talk to you to inform you
that I am punished for this, for this
and for that and in case you didn't take it
into account when approving me to
go to  deluxe so you have all the
information and she tells me Sergi don't
worry I'm up to date with the
information and if we haven't taken it away from you I haven't
taken the deluxe away it's because I think
this is a tantrum that's going to be
resolved So the proof that there
was no problem with me was
obvious otherwise the first thing they
take away from me is the deluxe which costs me 500
bucks and if you take away the deluxe
then you'll make a very nice rip
so if they didn't do it to me then it
means that they weren't that
unhappy with me
of course I'm talking here like between
two friends as if this is going to stay here
This is like that but it's not that but apart from
the proof is the eight years Sergi
obviously obviously I would have
some problem some discontent or that
you would protest more very often I mean
but it's that we're talking about that you
have complained Simply no Because I don't want to
do the two direct but to put a
hotel at least because man I'm going to
travel 600 kilometers up and
600 kilometers down 1200
kilometers in a  day one
if you leave your house at seven in the
morning and you have just given a
presentation at 9 at night okay The
last thing you want to do is get on a
[ __ ] train that people find really
funny Oh how cool the bird Yeah yeah the bird
is very cool when you go to the beach on
vacation okay But when you are on
the bird all day long you
get claustrophobic you know So the
fact that at 9 at night from 7 you
get home at one exhausted and
not only that
which would have implied that after that
the next day the TV is ready
because you have to edit the images that
you recorded yesterday Okay then of course in the
end there comes a time when you say Look, I
like my job but not that
much you know not so much
mortar purse I mean do you like me or
what That's it Yeah but already in the chat
everyone is delighted with you you have to
come look I'll tell you one
thing I It's true that sometimes in the
live shows I've let out some kindergarten
because I am I am a peculiar guy You know I
mean smoke in  truth is that I'm not
very interested in it when some
character answers me with some rudeness I
give him a bigger zinger that's
sometimes a little impertinent then
people who don't know me think I'm an
idiot and have received ser and the support
of your colleagues
Well that would be a real can of worms no no and we're not
going to open it for God's sake not in the summer
Marina It
's true It's true
that a lot of people have called me but there have
also been many
wonderful absences that in the end when
this happens people always position themselves on the
side of the strongest and you happen to be today
for example that it has been published that
everyone already knows well don't
believe that it has been Maya let's say I haven't
gone bald from answering calls you
know Or rather there are people who have now
found out and it doesn't matter to me that
in the end
it's regrettable in this profession but friends are
always few because there's a lot of climbing
and a lot of sucking up and I'm
far from all that and I want to
tell you tomorrow Look I'm going to Warner with
Marina one second one second one second
one second Sorry
one second stop stop says in the  chat one
says Marina Can't stand that I'm the one who
paid, can't stand it, doesn't want him to put
his foot in it, or rather, Thank you and I'm truly happy listen to me because I don't have any problems, I haven't wanted to talk but now that it's known Look, I don't have to hide, I'm absolutely not here, I'm not insulting Well I'm swearing a lot because that's how I talk
but I really haven't messed
with anyone I wish the best to the
producer I consider that no no no no no no no no
no better because because I
wish them the best and that they do very well and they have
done they have given me work
for eight years and I have to be
grateful that I have been given
that opportunity I am not an
ungrateful person that has gone wrong
lately yes there was a lot of tension it has gone
wrong that I give them room to rectify
and that they called me while I was on sick leave and they haven't
done it no that I have filed a
lawsuit well Okay then that's it but for
them what I'm asking for is a
[ __ ] [ __ ] of money okay it's a [ __ ]
[ __ ] for them Yes for them Yes and that's it and for
me well It solves one of that
I'm going to find myself without a job, you
know, in a while and that's it and
then well no,
he knows that no, He knows that he's not going to be
without a job, let's go, everyone makes a
living and everyone
that in the end I know that television is getting more and more
complicated I also tell you that
now tomorrow they will call me for a program
and they ask me how are you doing And well guys, I
already have many, let's go, I have a lot of street smarts,
a lot and I consider myself a
professional in my field, I'm not going to
go to just any program earning a
pittance because the thing is that I prefer to do
another job unrelated to that because
in the end sometimes it is better paid it's that of
course people Ah, those of you who are on
television earn a fortune no longer
exactly as you are saying, it is
reaping the good things, not that you want it, you have
n't had eight years of experience
in a program that yes it can't be
better, it can't be worse, some
things but it is a program Casio líder it is
a program that everyone knows and
but I come from working with
Susana Griso for five years, okay And I want to
tell you that I have been in programs, I have
been lucky because it is a  lucky to
find long projects that are
programs that last because on TV I
always have colleagues who can't
stay in the same place for more than a year
because the projects
end So in that respect I consider myself
lucky you know but
anyway Sergi you weren't afraid of this
obviously I know that the information
you are afraid that at some point or so it was
n't talked about around there any
moment look here you had to be
[ __ ] not to see what was coming okay it was
seen I want to tell you you have a
program that lasts from four to nine
7 to 9 they
put on two programs Cristian Gálvez and
honoramendi the programs start now they have
recovered but they start with a
low figure not the next one okay And you see that
the network prefers to keep the two
programs with low audiences than to give
you the time slot back well man it's
a clear sign that the network is
fed up with us okay they make a
code of conduct they ask for
things to be whitewashed in the famous
circular we continue on our way it
was obvious that the new
management was not betting on the
project And that was obvious so
how do you feel as a worker well you feel like you
're on the ropes  neck
that you don't know when you're going to lose your
job and I do have to pay a
mortgage That I have an apartment in Barcelona I
live in Madrid an apartment in Madrid we know
everything that costs so in the end it
obviously generates a worry
and a personal uneasiness that if you
add to that that if you arrive you say that you don't do
15 hours they punish you you start to
feel bad so you say Look no I can't
take it anymore you know or rather up to here
because if we said that everything is fine and
that the job of my life and that well
but yes we are already with that feeling of
malaise that this is going to
end at any moment that we have no
future and that we know that later
we are going to be scarred for a while and we are
not going to be able to do image again,
well in the end the level of tolerance is already
lower And that's when I
stand up now everyone is saying what a
son of a [ __ ] Sergi what an [ __ ] eh he's going to
be the one who gets the most I don't know, I don't know
how much Well I don't know But the one with the most
balls has stood up
you know how many people are not going to
find work again  that writing,
well, a few because there are people
who are already older and the
labor market is very complicated for
people who are in their 50s and 60s
and if those people leave with a
decent compensation. Well, maybe
doing the math, those people because you
know what pisses me off, my
mouth is full but look, I told myself, no, don't
worry.
But you know what happens, it makes me angry and I
get along very well with the collaborators
but all the articles, what is Pepita going to do
now, what is Juanito going to do now,
what is he going to do? I don't know what. Hey,
they are the ones who
benefit from all this, they have been
earning very good salaries for many years
and they are people, most of whom have a
sense, who have set up their businesses, who have
their properties paid for, who
have good purchasing power, who
have their money, but what do the 150
wretches who are going to be thrown out on the [ __ ] street do
if they leave with 20 days of compensation
per year worked, who already have problems making
ends meet with what
they earned, now what do they do? Okay, these are the ones who are
harmed, so it makes me laugh, you
know it's very cool.  show to see
how they make them make a resume this
show But there's a story
behind people who are really going to be
seen on the [ __ ] street and the worst face of
them closing save me that eh Of course of course
the people who believe that save me are those
who are sitting there No that is a
minority Compared to everything that
is behind And they are normal people with
normal salaries and with many problems you know so that's what
But well
I'm here that I believe myself the Joan
of Arc of the TV factory
like the others or I mean you
know but well me well that I don't sweat it eh
well the topic of the day has been your demand
eh
without further ado no I already tell you that I am not
going to open wars or anything or what it's that
they do very well if I am
interested in them doing well so that they
can pay me obviously they can
pay me because I have also seen the
accounts of those people they are loaded you
know but if you see my account you fall on your
ass laughing Marina has an account I
saw it recently
that it is loaded let's
delete it it's
loaded but well it's
deserves that he works a lot he works a
lot
all this is giving me the creeps eh well you
know that I love you a lot
but I don't know I hope so since I already know that he hasn't
said anything bad but since he is also
very expressive he is like me I mean I feel I just
saw him and I see myself reflected in it
as if I had come in as if
Martharry had said something
thinking I'm going to ask him a
question but the thing is that if he has gone he
has been answering himself because I am
a guy who is like I have nothing to
hide and what I am telling you, you have been going
for three months that you were crazy to
vent too man let's see clearly and
I have kept quiet a lot and such that now I am
not going to start doing live shows and
say anything because I am not going to do it it
is not appropriate I am on sick leave I have to
wait for my contract to be resolved
I suppose it will be when the
others' contracts are resolved and once I am liquidated
as a company awaiting trial Well I will
be able to work I will be able to do things and I will be able to do
such and such I am here calling because I
felt like calling you and because
is watching at home and it's true that in the
end when you're watching at home they
're talking about you that I'm not
used to it nor do I want to be at all I
don't want to be a real character okay or rather
me it's that I run away from all of that nor do I
consider myself anyone I know that I am the TV
and the brands give me [ __ ] you know
but that tomorrow I'm not on
TV and they give me [ __ ] with
a ribbon I'm aware of that from the
first minute to me when a brand
sends me four walls sneakers well I
say [ __ ] great for when I'm a
poor wretch well the sneakers you
know it's that's how it is I see it but don't
think so it's that you're thinking very
negatively
your career and you have your experience and
this is we've all gone through
a bad moment at some point in which an injustice will be
resolved You've simply already said
everything you have to say now it's
not missing anything else right Marina it
can't go wrong for her it's impossible it's that she ca
n't she has all the ingredients
when we have the result to know it and
man ahead still yes it's clear
So I'm calm right now I'm
calmer I want to be calm And
really no I don't want to get into
wars or anything because I don't  what interests me is
that I don't care, I simply, I mean, I
feel that they've treated me badly and look
kid, either you defend yourself or they step on you and they've already
stepped on me what they had to
step on me and they won't step on me anymore so it's
simply that I've put my foot down now I'm
not going to become the scourge
of the TV factory no, I don't
feel like it I don't feel like it and I don't want to because
really look yesterday Marina called me at
11:40 at night me who am a
[ __ ] Zeta lying in my bed with my cat on
top of me watching Netflix totally
telling you about yours I say Marina don't
tell me [ __ ] I'm about to
sleep and I hung up on her because I don't want to
destabilize myself mentally and I don't want
anything It's true that today I saw what
Diego radar said it seemed to me that it
was quite sensible within what is
possible he gave the information quite
precisely and well a guy that I've known for
many years who it's true that I was
a little annoyed with him because of
something he said but well he also
asked me he didn't rectify something just like that I
'm not a resentful guy either and it was a
nonsense and nothing more now
the news has broken everyone
knows But it's true that of course it makes me laugh
now people now that he's leaving save me
this guy is jumping on the rag Look, it's not
that I started this, this process, it's that It
was in February when such And it
was in March when I took sick leave, on
March 2nd or something like that I don't remember the
first Thursday of March I took sick leave and I
have it extended until June for the moment So
well when it's resolved
I'll get this off my chest But what
interests me, you know, is to continue with my life
and that this doesn't keep me up at night like I wo
n't be able to do anything until the trial date I don't give
a damn about
these, you know, and I'm not watching
since the first moment I left the
program I haven't watched a program again, it
's just true that you look
at Twitter a bit or look at such And you always
get some channel surfing on aliental I
'm skipping them because I wasn't prepared
to see them It's true that I've seen
some of these last few days and it's
seemed like I've seen masterpieces Because
that admiration for that creativity and  It
seems to me that's what it is, in the end, that's true, to
Caesar what is Caesar's is worth it. But that does
n't mean that it's good. That's why I tell you that
I should enjoy this time. It
makes me sad that the project is ending. Of course it makes
me sad. In the end, as a spectator, you
have to be very ungrateful not to
value this product that we have had that has
given us so much content that, and that's it,
without more, I have been part of it,
grateful, gentlemen of men, my money and to hell
with everyone. In summary, it
's impossible. Listen to this, when it's
broadcast,
you're live but nobody is watching you,
only 7,000 people. This is the
typical thing that they ask you when you
're there recording a total and this, when will it be
released, you know?
Sergio, no, Sergi, well, I'm not a
Catalanist at all, but well, it's true. Wow, I
mean, you would never go out for drinks.
Hey, thank you very much for coming
in, Sergi. We wish you the best
and that it goes well, but I can see that you
have everything very tied up, I'm sure you don't
need it. And for anything you
need, around here we're going to a
hotel or something. It's worth it,
thank you and nothing. No, thank you to
all of you.  Thank you so much I've
felt more relieved and now it's over
now it's true that I'm with him on a
high let's see if I fall asleep Now
yes Now when you recover that's what you
should recover that the economic
and judicial things will come it's slow but it will
come yes And in the end it will put us all
in our place and I know that I'm going to be
in a good place I'm clear
not very clear So and nothing we'll
see each other at Kiko Matamoros's wedding
first but well there with everything with the
whole circus Yes at the wedding here with
Matamoros how strong what an afternoon Who
was with you two tomorrow eh Well
you could come it's going to be very
good yes it's going to be it's going to be
quite good not a very big picture
totally I'll
tell you where you're going losers that it's me that I
know you all I mean is that
in the end I would tell him but are you stupid
or what's going on Of course I've been here for many
years man tomorrow nobody's going to
ask me anything because no I have nothing to
tell or anything or
Well let's see if I would say it how long have I been
talking for an hour well let's see  if I don't know I do
n't know but and I have been austere in
words but well yes the truth is that yes I mean
imagine yes yes yes yes yes yes
but
you have a fan club and Hey at
least we can have a get-together in Madrid
do a tour you can come Of course
then you are
Hey picture Okay guys
Thanks for everything well in 10 minutes and
now I'll talk to you okay a kiss take care
thanks